nowadays the essence of architecture has evolved so much in
environmental responsibility as in the aesthetic design were the words
with which he began his master lecture architecture as art the
renowned architect jose de arimatea lópez moyano who was accompanied
of the general director of this house of studies the lawyer andrés méndez
estrada and the president of the consultative council of the college of architects
of the state of mexico architect manuel pardinas gallegos the congress hall
from the university I was in the scenario where the students of the school
architecture professional listened to the experiences and knowledge of
Renowned professional who among his works stand out the exhibition center
and entertainment oltra and center and the remodeling of the metropólitan theater
both located in the city of mexico as well as the recently inaugurated center
cultural mexiquense of the east and the museum model science and industry
moumtzis located in toluca addressing infrastructure issues art design
as well as the importance that the architect has today and the creation of
new works in favor of the environment thus giving spaces for society
and protection of the flora and fauna of its environment were the elements in the
which focused his exhibition in an interview with the architect José de
arimatea lópez moya or commented to us as the essence of architecture level
world has changed I do not think that well on a world level everybody is
worrying now for more in caring for the planet
really a respect and I try to be citizens
I believe that one of the objectives that we have to be thinking about schools
venues that for people with the licensing idea of ​​having that reading towards that
of
to those problems both urban and
are going to show up and do a responsible architecture taking
account the environment the response with local materials and responds to
the needs and economies of the thunder society is presented on
service
also the compact your point of view
As far as the architecture of our country is concerned, I do not know
Stockholm and good pretexts
this
historically it has been proven not
i really if there was a continuity as it is what has commented its moment
nowadays it should not be a thing of a
a flash chili but it really has to be a more emergent obligation
that those responsible become more productive sustainably but not even produce
more certifications and not simply a response a natural way to what
the society and the of and the site demand not finally
sent a message to knowledge executives
of the professional architecture school tuni recommendations of
text
It's like the exercise you're ready for, you want to run, because this day everyone
they are studying is that everyone is reading
milestones of being exercising the hand to be able
reactivate things ii try to depend on less instruments this
technological and more than what is here quiaca not with the hand
in fact it is this because to conferences this month thanks we are university
moving
press help